Just used Deliveroo for the first time to deliver an order from our local co-op. Arrived at the speed of light! Well done Deliveroo and the Co-op! By way of a postscript: although we were charged for our original order there were a few items which were substituted for items of lesser value (which in themselves were ok, even if not what we ordered) and one item which was substituted by something we did not want, and for considerably less value. Having raised this with Deliveroo we received a reasonably quick response, apologising and saying our Deliveroo account had been credited with a sum (in excess of the amount overcharged us) which we could use against any Deliveroo order in the next three months. BUT I don’t want a time limited credit against a future Deliveroo order: I want my money back (which is what you’d get with any other supermarket). So this is the big flaw with using Deliveroo for grocery deliveries where (especially these days) there’s every chance there will be substitutions: you have no direct relationship with the supplier as all the money goes through Deliveroo, as do any complaints. I still think the service is good in terms of speed and convenience but not being able to get my money back is a big sticking point for me and as I do not want to run the risk of ordering through them again and being overcharged if the order is not what we want, sadly, I wont be using them again.
moreThe street I live in has a very bad signpost, we have told the council to change it and they put the same sign up. It directs traffic to the bottom of the three section culdesac for numbers 1-20 then directs the traffic to the top for numbers 33-60 but does not mention numbers 21-32 so drivers go down to the bottom of the hill drive up passing our house blindly following sat nav instead of looking at street numbers, they then drive up to the third section of our street and then leave without looking at a single door just relying on computers or phones or sat Nats. The council refuses to fix the problem and this happens every day even with postmen.
more Have used deliveroo a few times now and on the whole, it’s been alright, but there are a few things that really let them down, my first order was actually cancelled completely despite me ordering it a few hours in advance and the app constantly shifting my delivery time until it was cancelled, I think this may have been where the service was new in the area, there weren’t many riders and the place I ordered from was offering free delivery so it probably didn’t look like a very profitable order to accept for the riders. From this respect it is not a great business model. I have discovered that adding a rider tip to orders seems to increase the speed at which you get your delivery, which is annoying as I’m already paying for delivery..
more We’re very sorry to hear you weren’t happy with your Deliveroo order, Matt. We’d like to look into your experience and see how we could have improved things for you on the day. Please message us on Facebook or Twitter with your account email address and reference this Trustpilot review so we can follow up.
more Myself and my boyfriend placed an order for KFC through Deliveroo. As it was for his whole family, the order actually came to £50. After waiting for an hour for our food to arrive, we decided to call the restaurant to see what was going on. They told us the food was ready and that they were simply waiting for a driver to collect the food. We then decided to ring Deliveroo, they told us a driver would be collecting the order in the next 15 minutes and apologised for the wait. Another 30 minutes passed by and we called again, told us a driver would be on his way soon. After almost 3 HOURS of waiting we decided to ring up again and they told us no one was available to collect the food. However, they WERE able to accept my boyfriends money. He asked when he would get this back and he was told 5-10 working days, a long time if you ask me - especially as it only takes 5-10 seconds for them to take it off you. He did not receive his money in this time & so had to ring AGAIN as no one had been in contact. He was told again that his money would be with him in 5-10 working days & yep, you guessed it! Didn’t happen. He rang up again tonight to ask where his £50 was & was told that it was no longer on the system and so they had no trace of it and couldn’t give him the refund! VERY convenient if you’re asking me. Absolutely outraged at this horrific customer service & will certainly be taking this much higher.
more Have been using this app since the first day I came to the UK for studies. Most of time it worked fine, but I’ve noticed that there’s absolutely no way of reaching out to the rider after they decide order finished, even though you didn’t receive your food. This could usually be resolved for using live chat, but took a huge unnecessary amount of time, and is just annoying, especially when you’re starving :)

more I’ve ordered food through Deliveroo app and they informed that I would have to wait for my food around 30min. As soon I placed the order they changed the waiting time to over 1 hour.

more I never write bad reviews but I feel in this case I have to. Of the last 10 orders, at least 9 of them were either very late, cold or just the wrong order, none of these orders were refunded. One order was over £70 worth of food and it had been sitting on the side waiting for a driver for nearly an hour (as you can check on the app when it was ready), when it arrived it was completely inedible and they wouldn’t even refund it. The worst one was yesterday though. I was informed the food had been delivered but it hadn’t and when I called up customer service they said it had been left in the garden. It hadn’t. After searching all around the house, we called again but we’re informed we would still have to pay because the tracker said the driver had been at the house! We were looking out the window and even went outside to find him when we saw he was close on the tracker so we know he wasn’t there, if he was he would have seen us. Our lights were on and we could see everything outside, not to mention our dog barks if anyone is even remotely near the house. They informed me that he had tried to call (nothing came through to my phone) and that he had left the food so we had to pay. I finally did get my refund but not before it completely ruined my night! It was the worst service I’ve ever received. After the multiple bad experiences I have had, I will never use deliveroo again.
more Sorry to hear things hadn't gone as smoothly as they should have. We would like to look into your orders in further detail to see exactly how we could have improved things for you. Please DM us on Twitter or Facebook with your account email and order no. so we take a look into what happened.
more The app told me that the driver was 2 mins away, he then stayed 2 mins away for the next 20 mins and then the app told me that my food had been delivered. I called customer service to try and sort it out, the first time I called I was told my number didn’t match my account and got hung up on, so I then went onto my account and saw that the number in place was the right number and it was registered to my account. I called again saying that it was the right number and it was registered to my account, I got hung up on again. I then called for a third time where they told me that my number was registered to my account, so I then explained that my food hadn’t arrived but the app says it was delivered. They then preceded to lecture me on how I had given an incomplete address so the driver had gone to the wrong place. I know this was false because I’d used the address multiple times and two of my friends both made orders with the exact same address and theirs both arrived. I explained this to them and asked if there was anyway I could get my food or a refund. I was then put on hold and then told that the fact that the order didn’t arrive was my fa.